Till now, we've dealt with HTML, CSS and JavaScript. These are the files that a server send over the internet to your browser when your browser tries to navigate to that website. However, as we saw in the last workshop, these files aren't intelligent, they simply display information that is entered into them.

So real webapps (anything more complicated than a personal landing page) have servers that use some boilerplate *static files* (i.e. HTML, CSS and JavaScript) and do their own logic to fill them in with real, intelligent information (the difference between a recipe that you can write down once - you can make it as fancy as you want but it's static and won't change - and something that displays the weight of the person eating all that food in real time - dynamic, because this would change depending on who the person was and when they check this). These servers can be written in many languages, right from C to Java to Python or even Assembly language if you wanted to. In this workshop, we're going to use NodeJS, that allows us to use JavaScript to write our server-side code, even though JavaScript was initially designed to run only inside the web browser and not on servers.

We usually have servers to do the thinking, databases to store the information and static files to display this information in the user's web browser. These 3 parts come together to form the core of any website. Often, websites also use APIs (basically a way for websites to talk to each other) to make their websites more dynamic, or to pull in information from other websites.
