For one thing, Express can serve `view`s. Views are like dynamically rendered
HTML templates. So far, we've only had experience with static HTML, but Express
can be configured to use a view engine and serve a kind of dynamically compiled
HTML. 

A common use case of this is in profile pages. Rather than create a static
`.html` for every user, websites typically make a `profile` view that has
placeholders for all the important information (like names and emails and
whatnot) then, a view engine like `hjs` or `Jade` or `Jinja` (if you're using
Python) will fill in the blanks in the template, sending the finished HTML file
(with all the profile fields filled out) to the client.

Here, we'll use the `hjs` templating language for a simple 404 page. First,
replace `// TODO: 404 Error` with this code:

```javascript
app.set('views', path.join(__dirname, 'views'));
app.set('view engine', 'hjs');

// TODO: Routes

// 404
app.use( (req, res, next) => {
  let err = new Error('Not found');
  err.status = 404;
  next(err);
} );
app.use( (err, req, res, next) => {
  res.status(err.status || 500);
  res.render('error', {
    errorMessage: err.message,
    error: err
  });
} );
```

This code configures our app to use the `views` directory as a container for
its views, using `hjs` as the view engine.

Then we add some more middleware. Because this middleware runs last, after
everything else is attended to, it should only be reached if **no other
middleware knew how to handle the request**. That means this middleware is
executed only when the file searched for is invalid (which is why the
middleware stack wasn't interrupted earlier, nothing knew how to handle the
request). In cases like these, we can rather safely -- as we do here -- set the
error code to `404` indicating the resource wasn't found. Then if all else
fails and the request is unresolved, we render a simple template containing the
error.

The `res` (short for response) object in Express always has a `render` function
that'll use the current view engine to render a `view`. In this case, we
`res.render` the `error` view, passing it the error message in an object.

Next, we need to create the `error` view. For this, first create
a `server/views` folder to contain our views. Then, in that folder, create an
`error.hjs` file. Note it's a `.hjs` and not a `.html` since this is
a template. It will get resolved into HTML later.

The contents of `error.hjs` should look like this:

```javascript
<html>
    <head>
        <title>Error</title>
        <link rel='stylesheet' href='/css/main.css' />
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>{{ errorMessage }}</h1>
            {{#error}}
        <h3>{{ status }}</h3>
            <pre>{{ stack }}</pre>
        {{/error}}
    </body>
</html>
```

It looks a lot like HTML. That's a cool thing about hjs. What differentiates hjs
from HTML are those `{{ }}` blocks. These are placeholders for information. You
see this template puts `{{ errorMessage }}` in the `<h1>` tag at the top of the
page. It also uses `{{#error}}` to check if `error` is non-null, in which case
everything between the `{{#error}}` and `{{/error}}` block is rendered (in this
case it's a stack trace of the error).

Obviously in a production application you wouldn't print the stack trace of an
error, but for these purposes it might help us debug issues.

Now, the web app should be mostly working. If you go to, for example
`localhost:3000/not/a/real/page`, you should get an Error 404.

Next up, routes.
